# SPY-darr
Base stealing, like crime in general, is increasing and is also getting more difficult to curb. Since the time we wake up, to the time we go to bed we experience a large number of unexpected misconduct around us which makes us afraid and frightened to raise our voice against any crime thinking about the danger to oneself and ones knownfars. So our efforts are to implement the same idea from physical level to online level without revealing the informer's original identity. Through our platform every common citizen gets a chance to play their role in order to change the crime rate of our country with anonymous identity as an informer.

Common users can login and register with us anonymously. We have four types of user:- Public, Police, Ministry and Admin.
If any user witness any crime in their surroundings they can post their message to police about the same. After receiving the message to police, the nearest sub-station will came under action and if the post is genuine and the crime spotted is resovled then the user who is responsilble for their awareness will credited with a token of award as in the form bitcoins (reward as per crime status).
  If any other user supports the same post to the police will approve that report having maximum priority and take action accordingly. Additionly, we added feature to our app that once the crime message sent to police, a crime status is generated and will be posted to feed panel/page alongwith location of the crime, if other users face the crime too then he/she will able to support that crime status/post (after successful approval from police they can also get rewards lesser than that of original user who posted the crime first). 
  Our app will generate a monthly report of crime and sent it to all of them with respective personalised stuffs.
 Merging the innovative ideas with the technology can change the future of our nation.
